applications-development.png <- gnome-devel.png
applications-development.png <- package_development.png
applications-development.png <- redhat-programming.png
applications-development.png <- xfce-devel.png
applications-electronics.png <- cs-cat-hardware.png
applications-electronics.png <- cs-drivers.png
applications-graphics.png <- cs-cat-appearance.png
applications-graphics.png <- gnome-graphics.png
applications-graphics.png <- package_graphics.png
applications-graphics.png <- redhat-graphics.png
applications-graphics.png <- xfce-graphics.png
applications-internet.png <- gnome-globe.png
applications-internet.png <- package_network.png
applications-internet.png <- redhat-internet.png
applications-internet.png <- stock_internet.png
applications-internet.png <- xfce-internet.png
cs-general.png <- cs-cat-prefs.png
preferences-desktop-tweaks.png <- cs-desktop-effects.png
preferences-desktop.png <- gnome-control-center.png
preferences-desktop.png <- gnome-settings.png
preferences-desktop.png <- gtk-preferences.png
preferences-desktop.png <- kcontrol.png
preferences-desktop.png <- redhat-preferences.png
preferences-desktop.png <- xfce4-settings.png
